okay to start with this particular
piece first thing I want to point out
is this clump of fat normally we talk about the
fat that's on the exterior of the animal but this
particular piece of fat is a real gem this
is called "suet" this is traditionally the
cleanest fat so this fat will give off the
least bitter flavor after it's rendered and
so it has a lot of uses in the food world
we would render it and turn it into tallow
or we can just chop it up
and put it into meat pies
next what we're going to do is remove this muscle
that's kind of flapping on the outside this
is what's known as the flank and this is part
of the veal's abdomen or tummy muscles
just underneath here is
another muscle that is starting
and you can see the seam beautifully, so all of these muscles are part of a
region of the animal known as the bottom sirloin
the bottom sirloin is ultimately going to be
your six pack and beef we would call
this particular muscle a tri-tip
where my knife is cutting is known as the flat
meat and then we've already talked about the flank
so I'm going to remove the bottom
sirloin and put it off to the side